README.md, before:

# Binary Calculator
## Team 13
Members
- Clayton Mercer
- Sara Bailey
- Nicholas Burrell
- Zach Hoeing
- Brian Ringer

## Prerequisites 
Requirements
- [Install Java JDK 14](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk14-downloads.html)

## Git Practices
The <code>master</code> branch and <code>develop</code> branch are restricted and thus cannot be pushed to directly. 
In order to merge into <code>master</code> or <code>develop</code>, a pull request must be submitted and approved by 3 developers.

The <code>develop</code> branch is the main working branch and when a developer begins coding a
feature, they must branch off of <code>develop</code> (making a new branch with the name of the feature inside
the branch name) and submit a pull request from the completed feature branch to be merged back into <code>develop</code> once they have completed the feature.
Once all features have been completed on <code>develop</code> for the final version, a final pull request will be submitted and all previous
work will be merged to <code>master</code>.  

## Team Task Distribution
### Clayton Mercer
Tasks
- Setup JavaFX and JUnit testing
- Built out <code>Operator</code> interface for all logic to be called by the app controller 
- Added testing for logic
- Implemented square root, squared, and decimal operation methods
- Wrote logic for binary to decimal conversion toggle
- Followed git practices
### Sara Bailey
Tasks
- Built out UI in JavaFX
- Wrote good quality naming for UI components
- Added app controller methods for buttons
- Followed git practices
### Zach Hoeing
Tasks
- Implemented addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division operation methods
- Add testing for operations
- Followed git practices
### Nicholas Burrell
Tasks

- Followed git practices
### Brian Ringer
Tasks
- Added operation for sanitizing input
- Added operation for evaluating input
- wrote tests for sanitize and evaluate
- Edited Operations to display proper negative numbers
- Followed git practices
## Meetings

#### 9/8/2020 7:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach, Nicholas
    - Sara (Exempt)
- Topics: 
    - Covered project requirements and initial setup
    - Reviewed git flow and pull request process
    - Assigned Tasks
    - Reviewed Sara's pull request and merged
- Resources
    - Git commands to remember
        - Check current project status: <code>git status</code>
        - Create a new branch: <code>git checkout -b name-of-branch</code> (feature in name)
        - Add changes: <code>git add .</code>
        - Committing: <code>git commit -m "Commit message"</code> (commit in present tense)
        - Pulling: <code>git pull</code>
        - Pushing branch: <code>git push</code>
            - If this doesn't push run this: <code>git push --set-upstream origin branch-name</code>
            
#### 9/9/2020 11:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach
- Topics: 
    - Talked about dependency updates
    - Discussed Testing suite
    - Discussed Git practices

#### 9/10/2020 6:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach, Brian, Nicholas
    - Sara (Exempt)
- Topics: 
    - Divided up final tasks for v1.0.0
    - Verified non-functional and function task requirements

Commit message:

Write manual and add calculator picture

README.md, after:

# Binary Calculator
## Team 13
Members
- Clayton Mercer
- Sara Bailey
- Nicholas Burrell
- Zach Hoeing
- Brian Ringer

## Prerequisites 
Requirements
- [Install Java JDK 14](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase-jdk14-downloads.html)

##Manual
![calculator](Calculator.png)

How to:
- To enter numbers, click the <code>0</code> or <code>1</code> buttons
- To enter in an operator, press the <code>+</code>, <code>-</code>, <code>*</code>, or <code>/</code> buttons
- Once your equation is entered, press the <code>=</code> button and the answer will be shown in decimal form
- To switch between decimal or binary form after the <code>=</code> button is pressed, click the <code>Binary</code>/<code>Integer</code> underneath the answer
- To find the square or square root of a single input, press the <code>x^2</code> or <code>sqrt(x)</code> buttons
- To convert a single number from binary to decimal, enter in your number and then press the <code>Convert to Decimal</code> button
- To clear the input and output areas, press the <code>clear</code> button

## Git Practices
The <code>master</code> branch and <code>develop</code> branch are restricted and thus cannot be pushed to directly. 
In order to merge into <code>master</code> or <code>develop</code>, a pull request must be submitted and approved by 3 developers.

The <code>develop</code> branch is the main working branch and when a developer begins coding a
feature, they must branch off of <code>develop</code> (making a new branch with the name of the feature inside
the branch name) and submit a pull request from the completed feature branch to be merged back into <code>develop</code> once they have completed the feature.
Once all features have been completed on <code>develop</code> for the final version, a final pull request will be submitted and all previous
work will be merged to <code>master</code>.  

## Team Task Distribution
### Clayton Mercer
Tasks
- Setup JavaFX and JUnit testing
- Built out <code>Operator</code> interface for all logic to be called by the app controller 
- Added testing for logic
- Implemented square root, squared, and decimal operation methods
- Wrote logic for binary to decimal conversion toggle
- Followed git practices
### Sara Bailey
Tasks
- Built out UI in JavaFX
- Wrote good quality naming for UI components
- Added app controller methods for buttons
- Followed git practices
### Zach Hoeing
Tasks
- Implemented addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division operation methods
- Add testing for operations
- Followed git practices
### Nicholas Burrell
Tasks
- Implemented addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and equals buttons
- Fixed evaluation method
- Wrote manual for calculator
- Followed git practices
### Brian Ringer
Tasks
- Added operation for sanitizing input
- Added operation for evaluating input
- wrote tests for sanitize and evaluate
- Edited Operations to display proper negative numbers
- Followed git practices
## Meetings

#### 9/8/2020 7:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach, Nicholas
    - Sara (Exempt)
- Topics: 
    - Covered project requirements and initial setup
    - Reviewed git flow and pull request process
    - Assigned Tasks
    - Reviewed Sara's pull request and merged
- Resources
    - Git commands to remember
        - Check current project status: <code>git status</code>
        - Create a new branch: <code>git checkout -b name-of-branch</code> (feature in name)
        - Add changes: <code>git add .</code>
        - Committing: <code>git commit -m "Commit message"</code> (commit in present tense)
        - Pulling: <code>git pull</code>
        - Pushing branch: <code>git push</code>
            - If this doesn't push run this: <code>git push --set-upstream origin branch-name</code>
            
#### 9/9/2020 11:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach
- Topics: 
    - Talked about dependency updates
    - Discussed Testing suite
    - Discussed Git practices

#### 9/10/2020 6:30PM (Zoom)

- Attendance: 
    - Clayton, Zach, Brian, Nicholas
    - Sara (Exempt)
- Topics: 
    - Divided up final tasks for v1.0.0
    - Verified non-functional and function task requirements
